Add info about new entities for easyEnergy (#27091)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/easyenergy.markdown

- Time of day when the price is highest
- Time of day when the price is at its lowest
- Percentage of the current price compared to the maximum price
- Number of hours with the current price higher or lower

> Entities with the number of hours, indicates how many hours there are with a price
> **above** or **below** the current hourly price. If we take the graph below as an example
> and it is 00:30, then there are 8 hours below the current price and 4 hours above the
> current price. With this information you could switch a device at the X cheapest number
> of hours during the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Entities with the number of hours indicate how many hours there are with a price
**above** or **below** the current hourly price. If we take the graph below as an example
and it is 00:30, then there are 8 hours below the current price and 4 hours above the
current price. With this information, you could switch devices at the X cheapest number
of hours during the day.
```

<p class='img'>

>   <img src='/images/integrations/easyenergy/pricegraph.png' alt='Screenshot showing energy price graph.'>

Reviewer: The graph shown isn't possible to make with the built-in provided graphing. Adding graphs like these, make users think, however, it is possible. I would not recommend it for that reason.

Author: It's a graph from [easyEnergy](https://www.easyenergy.com/nl/energietarieven) that I made a screenshot of. I also added it not with the intention that users can create this, but as a visual image to better understand how the new entities work 🤷🏻‍♂️ 

It also took me some time to understand how exactly the new feature should be understood. That is why I would like to add it as clearly as possible in the documentation.

Reviewer: That I didn't realize, yeah clarifying might help there 👍
